fix: add warning to set permission in reports controller (#1403)
kyverno/website: content/en/docs/policy-reports/_index.md

Reporting can be enabled or disabled for rule types by modifying the value of the flag `--enableReporting=validate,mutate,mutateExisting,generate,imageVerify`.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}

> Reporting for `generate` and `mutateExisting` rules require permission to fetch resource in kyverno reports controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reporting for `generate` and `mutate existing` rules requires permission to fetch resources in the Kyverno reports controller.
```
